hi I'm just I'm looking for check mm-hmm
who's asking John chef jr. your son my
son jr. yeah
you know they say that cash shed is a
bad mother shut up now ignore him he's a
black James Bond that dude was real you
think it was me I want to babysit your
ass never long enough lady syphilis
madam chlamydia it's lovely to meet you
both that's doing it well she'll look
better please tell me that you did not
get out son involved in your [ __ ]
you picked up a bet you can't beat up a
woman or not because she's a woman
that's like misogynistic you won't be
misogynistic
I ain't mention agenda okay I'm an
equal-opportunity ass
ridiculous
right Sarge you okay yeah
[Music]
walk back in a day we didn't need guns
all we needed was a bare-knuckle tale
grandpa oh you can't be too prepared let
me get my key back it having an iPhone
oh hell do I shut it down right what's
up
[Music]